hello my name is felipe scagliusi and this
video for you who are looking like
start studying the keyboard on the piano
internet through google and youtube
short of any tool whatsoever and
feels a little lost and confused with
all kinds of guidelines and
indications and everything that is there
whole salad that is at your disposal
good in my point of view what we
ends up finding it more frequent or
a thing that goes to a theoretical side
much is already intense from the beginning and
try to do this a lot
succinctly leaving students a little
confusing or a practical thing to do.
more and it does not fit
none and simply wants to sell a
product and that the student has some
result is even minimal but very
quick to be happy with then what?
I wanted to propose something different to
Did you make a mini-course at no cost?
none available on the internet and
this is thinking the following is is a
learning scheme through my
experience of several years teaching
piano I call this scheme of
learning pyramid learning
musical is right and this pyramid has
two main bases the first base
first part of the base is really the
imitation really look at someone who knows
listen to music listen to a lot of music and look
someone who is already at the most
and really seek to imitate the
people learn by imitation there is no way
a child learns to speak by imitation
does not learn from a grammar book, right?
already making the abstractions there of the language and
then start talking start with
imitation music is a language of the
same way begins with imitation and this
everything I'm saying is worth it if you want
play classical music do not even touch
popular music anyway
regardless of the musical style you
want to play if you use this
instrument will need this basis
the other part of the stack of another
basis of the pianistic technique
in you to observe if all that was
team
giving is being reproduced from May one
appropriate manner and corresponds to the
reality music you wait then you
will analyze your body your fingers
the physical movement with which he comes back
to observe who you fear also repairs
how is it going on there?
did not notice the strength of the fingers agility
and if all this basic work imitates and
develop your technique to develop the
your body to match this
imitation you seek and then at the top
of this pyramid is the most theoretical study
which would be the study of reading writing
musical style of the musical periods
regardless of which period it is
things that are happening today until
things that happened here in 600 years
behind
all right then this pyramid is
important and thinking about it is the
agent made a mini course and okay
available if you want to search only
I do not know if it's lille to click
here below put some email address
mail order but it sure has a
here in this video of how you
makes to receive this resource that in
four classes and there you will go through
pri by one of these parts of the pyramid
created imitation
then there is imitation but with observations
very accurate of what you should imitate
of what you should think as a team
trying to
so this is a very 111 serves a lot
well for the beginning of the piano at the beginning of
keyboard in a lightweight way but that is
based on something that
It really works, it's okay, so this is it.
thank you and even a tchan
Hmm